Speak beauty today I bring a line well
Nice to you, Lte Long Island.
We'll take a photo and get a photo.
already treated or not and apply some
in her a history of body with effect to the
same time we have a result
more interesting to see how the
people do this the first thing that goes
do naturally choose a photo one
photo you want to treat or a
photo you want to apply the effect
I chose this photo here the first
thing that I'm going to do some adjustments
My heart will give a little more
the exposure to the idea is even purposeful
let lack a little burst
I'll put some contrast here
Let's work here for a while.
her temperature
Ok and look down here or work a
A little here, it leaves them more
strong
The next step I 'm going to work on
I came here explains Tony
We're going to mess around with the coloring.
her and you have some shades that you
can work
Jorge, I can still make an adjustment here.
a ball show swing because it reaches the
make last after you have already created
back to putting a little more here
without having created all the
settings
now we'll create the effect here
fax
I'll use the amalthea option to create
the effect
Look, I have only here, put it to me.
I can lower the center point I can
increase or decrease the feder that is
my diffusion my blur and I can
work only the cool highlights
have already had a very nice effect on me
I can still work
that no one is going to put this noise
noise is not a nice photo when you
will she work in an advertising way?
but in this case here it gives good effect
I just cool it a little bit here
exhibition
I hope it's called the effect speech.
simple and fast and can do things
really cool with your photos
A hug and until the next league